This practice set has 3 problems in it and lasts 3 weeks (until Dec 31) - you submit solutions (a single java file) to individual problems Problem A. Duck .... Duck ..... Goose ?
duck, duck, goose works such that one person advances around the exterior of a circle of friends touching the top of their heads and saying duck, eventually they decide to call someone a goose and a race and general dislike of one another ensues. Lara has difficulty tapping people on the head and saying duck, and so she often misses a number of people as she advances around the circle. As an example she may only tap every third person on the head and say duck, in general let's say Lara taps every k'th person on the head and says duck. Lara’s teacher Jordan informs her to touch everyone's head and say duck. Lara misunderstands and thinks Jordan is telling her that she must continue her current practice of touching every k'th person until she has touched everyone's head. Lara continues walking around the circle touching every k'th person's head going round and round the circle. Sometimes she eventually touches everyone's head and other times there are some people that are always left out. Lara would like to know ahead of time on which loop of the circle she will have tapped everyone's head or if she'll continue forever and still not touch everyone. As an example if k = 1 (that is Lara touches each person in a row without skipping anyone) then obviously she'll reach everyone on the first loop of the circle. If k = 2 it is a bit more complicated: Lara will touch every second person as she walks around the circle of people - if there's 4 people in the circle, then Lara will never touch everyone.

          L
          1 
    4         2
          3
If k = 2 then Lara will tap the 1st person's head but then skip the 2nd person and tap the 3rd person, then skip the 4th person again and once again tap the 1st person ... Assume that Lara always starts her count at the first person, so if k = 3 she will tap the 1st person’s head first and then the 4th person’s head (provided there is a 4th person). You will output the iteration around the circle on which Lara will have touched everyone’s head - or -1 if she’ll never reach some people. Input: 2 positive integers k and n on the same line separated by a space ( 1 <= k <= n <= 10000). Where k represents how often Lara calls duck - 5 indicates she calls duck every 5th person. n is the number of people in the circle. Lara always starts tapping with the first person in the circle. Output: A single number representing the iteration of the circle on which Lara will have called duck for everyone in the circle at least once and -1 if Lara will never call duck for all people. Examples: Input 1 (in1.txt): 2 4 Output 1: -1 Input 2 (in2.txt): 2 3 Output 2: 2 Estimated difficulty: 1 x Bill Gates
